{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh18900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 #1. Who are you?
\f1\b0 \
\
This is Shouzab Khan. I am an international Grad student here at UAB from Pakistan. Im majoring in Cyber Security. I have done my Undergrade in Computer Science. I am an introvert person with the quality of extroverts, xD.\
\
 \
\

\f0\b #2. Why are you studying Justice Science (or whatever your major is)?
\f1\b0 \
\
I am majoring in Cyber Security, i have done my Undergrade in Computer Science from which i got interest in such filds like networking and crypto and all. So I decided to do My masters in Cyber Security as well. Many people told me to do Masters in Data Science but its seems boring to me. \
 \
\

\f0\b #3. Are you in this class to fulfill an elective? Or because you want to work in CyberCrime / Computer Forensics?  Tell me more!
\f1\b0 \
\
I am in this class to complete my Core Coursework. Plus, i have interest in this related field and to get more knowledge about the investigation and forensics and how this all things works. I am always towards curious stuff which make me attract.\
 \
\

\f0\b #4. Do you have any personal examples of yourself, a friend, or relative who has been a victim of computer crime? (would you be willing to share with the class?)
\f1\b0 \
\
 Yeah, When i was in my Undergrade one of my friend was a victim of this cyber crime, i dont wheather it is a cyber crime or not but he downloaded a file from some where and after sometime all of him documents where zipped in a folder and and that folder need a password, there was a txt file on the desktop that we have all your data so give us this my bitcoin and get your data back otherwise in will be leaked. so my friend just had a new window in his PC because he was not paying that much amount. (Yeah i can tell this to the class).\
\

\f0\b #5. Do you have any personal examples of how you have used Computer Forensics in the past? (would you be willing to share with the class?)
\f1\b0 \
\
No, i dont have any personal example where i have used Computer Forensics in past. \
\
}